hey guys is your gross when goddesses
and I am alize welcome back to our
Channel today I'm coming at you guys
with this hair that i have installed
right now is here right here and this
hair comes from the ISIS collection it
is the bottom remy plus um keratin remy
yakky hair and if y'all can see that
what the packaging looks like ok so i
have three pets at his hair on the
couple number one d 14 inches and this
is what it looks like now if you guys
noticed my hair color doesn't
necessarily blend in with this hair my
hair is my light color number 1 b / 2
and this is cool number one but
originally I was going to use my Jerome
Russell's temporary hair color spray
that I have and this is in black but um
I don't know how I feel about this stuff
this stuff kind of makes your hair like
Matt almost and I like like the natural
luster to know my hair like the shine
look so I didn't want my hair to be all
Matt and then this hair to be shiny so I
opted out using that but for the most
part the two color contrast I kind of
like it it's not to notice i'm actually
in bed like tennis players this will be
like my third time trying out Isis
collection yaky hair and I am A two
thumbs up big big fan where comes to
their hair I have never been
disappointed it's what the smallest by
hair though in expenses I'm like okay
what's the gimmick like the hair is good
is inexpensive like I don't know but me
personally I love it I did a review some
months ago is um only the video below
just want to see it um I also have
my review on our blog so you have to go
check it out so you guys can see how I
like to hear ya I guess they were so
confident in their hair that if you head
over to Facebook like their facebook fan
page I'm gonna leave the information
below like your Facebook fan page and
have a question you're gonna see a quite
like a posting as a question I don't
remember what the question was but um
answer that question and automatically
you'll be entered to win this hair so
amongst 10 lucky winners you will be um
have the opportunity to winning two
packs of this hair right here to try out
for yourself you can see how confident I
am with the how confident they are you
know I love it i'm not lying to you guys
it's just the way i feel i never had an
issue with it it's affordable um it
looks like good remy hair and yeah did i
mention that affordable yeah um so again
like their facebook fan page i believe
that they're going to be announcing the
winners once they reach a thousand likes
on their temp on their facebook fan page
and they're really really really close
so if are you guys i'll hit over there
like right now ASAP in like a facebook
fan page because they're really close to
getting at a thousand lights answer the
question if you're interested and again
you be automatically entered to win two
packs of this here for yourselves and
yeah i can't stress it enough you guys
should definitely try it out like
seriously um the anywho this hair is
super duper soft i'm thinking about
cutting it into a bob now wanted to do
the bob before I did this video but I
was a little bit nervous because I'm not
a good cutter I Jack everything up and I
try to cut so I want to do this video
first so you guys can see firsthand what
the hair it looks like and then I'm
gonna go and then try to cut it into a
bob and if it comes out good um us will
see on my facebook on my Instagram so if
you guys aren't following me there yet
you might want to go and follow me see
how it turned out for me I might do a
video I might not if I can squeeze it
sometime I'll do it but for the most
part i'm always on instagram i'm always
on facebook so you guys
follow me there you guys can see how it
turns out also our blog I'm also going
to try to curl this hair too because you
can throw this hair up to 360 degrees
Fahrenheit so you can't curl it as well
as wash you can use a mild shampoo
shampoo at your shampoo and condition
hair so yeah I am going to try to add
some corrosive here so you guys can see
what it looks like and that's going to
also be on our blog so be sure to check
that out yeah if you guys have any
questions be sure to let us know and
again like Isis collection is facebook
fan page the information will be in the
description box I'm also um all my
Instagram friend me on Facebook if you
like to officially be below as well and
yeah check out our blog to see how this
hair is working out for us okay so with
that being said I hope you see guys on
the next video I'll talk to you guys
later bye
you